Bump PayPalCheckout to Version 1.3.0 (#1283)
braintree/braintree_ios: CHANGELOG.md

# Braintree iOS SDK Release Notes

## unreleased

> * Bump MXO SDK to version 1.3.0 with code signing & a privacy manifest file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Bump PayPalCheckout to version 1.3.0 with code signing & a privacy manifest file.
```
